Hey everyone, I'm Chris Crow, campus pastor for Crossway Christian Church's Millford campus here in Southern New Hampshire, where our mission is all about practicing the way of Jesus together as we pursue God, build community, and unleash compassion.
I pray that what you hear today will help you experience God more deeply and live more and more like Jesus.
It's gonna be home.
We were in Delaware last week at a great church called Love of Christ Church.
Spirit was strong.
and the Word of God went out faithful.
And as I'm sitting there receiving the Word of God, the Spirit was showing me things that I needed to hear.
And so I was very thankful for that.
God does things specific and on purpose.
He does things out of love and compassion and kindness for us.
And so as I was worshiping there at this church, I was just in awe of who God is.
He's a wonderful, merciful, gracious and good God.
Amen.
This is who he is.
And so, but there's no place like home, as who said.
Yeah, the great theologian Dorothy, right?
Anyway, so we're going to get into God's word and finish our good and beautiful future series.
So take out your Bibles and go to the 21st chapter of Revelation.
We're going to look at 21 and 22, not every verse.
We won't do expository preaching today.
I want to comment on some things and make commentary.
And so in my library, I have things called commentaries, and you might have some in your library as well.
And so we're gonna take that approach and not so much a doctrinal, but more of a commentary on it.
I've titled this last message in this series, the afterlife and arrival.
The afterlife and arrival.
Before we get into God's word, I just sensed in my heart and spirit that we need to pray for family members that might not be doing so well.
They might not be doing well spiritually, relationally, and even physically, maybe emotionally.
I don't know what it is in your world.
But as I was down in Delaware, the spirit was telling me that I need to become a better intercessor for my family.
Now, there was a day and age where I did a lot of that.
But being down there with them, I was like, wow, Lord, where have I been?
You know, and I've gotten lost over here in my world doing my thing.
And so the spirit was very strong on me to be able to repent and
and to confess that I have not been an intercessor for my family.
And so I know that there's a lot of family members and situations represented in this room right now, maybe watching online, that you need to pray for them.
We need to pray and intercede for them.
Could I ask you with a raising of the hand, if you have members of your family that are lost, that have drifted, that have wandered, that need a touch, there are some in your family that have been afflicted with mental
strong holds and things of that nature.
Can you just raise your hand and we're going to pray for them.
And we're going to ask the Lord to deliver.
Amen.
We're going to ask the Lord to heal people because this is what God does.
God does these things.
And so He's waiting for us to knock and keep knocking and not stop knocking for our family members.
And so some of you have stopped knocking and I could confess to that that I had stopped knocking for those I love, those closest to me, my immediate family and extended family.
So let's do that together.
Can we do that?
Now we're going to do this with serious business, right?
We're going to seek the Lord for Him to touch some lives.
Let's do it together.
God, we pray in the name of Jesus and it's in His name.
There is no other name given among men under heaven whereby we must be saved.
And so Jesus, we come to you and your word says that we keep knocking.
You're going to answer.
And if I were to knock on an earthly king's door and just keep knocking over and over and over and over again, certainly that king will answer the door.
How much more will you, if we come before you and say, oh God, we need you to touch our family members.
We need to touch marriages, bodies, minds.
We need you to touch souls.
We need you to save some people that are close to us.
They don't know Jesus.
They don't know the gospel.
They haven't repented.
They haven't put their faith in Him alone.
And so Lord, we pray for them.
Who is that in your world?
Just listen them out, not out loud, but in your heart by name.
Who is it that needs a physical healing?
Who is it that's under some kind of affliction of the devil?
And there's demonic attack on their mind.
Lift them before the Lord.
Say, Lord, deliver them.
Heal them.
Help them to be in their right mind.
Help them to be whole.
God, you're not a God who once broken people.
The devil wants to do that, wants to divide and conquer.
We pray for unity in homes.
There's so much division in homes.
There's so much fighting in homes.
We got to pray against that.
Please, Lord, move mightily in homes and marriages and bring peace, peace that passes understanding.
And so, Lord, we come before you because you are the one that can move mightily.
We need a supernatural invasion.
Invade, Lord.
Would you run the heavens and come down?
Would you do that?
We're believing ahead of time that you are even now, as we're praying.
Now take your word, your word is so precious.
Holy Spirit that you wrote it, now help us to understand it.
Give us illumination.
Help us to have eyes to see and ears to hear.
In Jesus' mighty name, in your name, Jesus is mighty.
Amen.
Yes, Lord.
Revelations chapter 21 and chapter 22.
And so this will be a different approach that I easily take.
And so I hope that you'll bear with me as I do something a little bit different than what we usually do.
And so I don't know how many weeks ago now it was.
Maybe seven weeks ago I started this series on heaven with you.
And I made some comments about heaven.
Where is heaven?
Does anybody know where heaven is?
Above the universe.
Some people would say above the universe.
Some would say in another dimension, maybe in another realm.
Where is heaven?
Who's in heaven?
How do you get to heaven?
Do you take the tea?
Does the tea get you to heaven?
You pay a little ticket and there you go.
You're off to the pearly gates.
I mean, there's a lot of debate and discussion about heaven.
What's it going to be like?
One thing I do know is that Christians back in the old days used to think about heaven a lot more than they do in modern day.
In fact, some of the biggest, the Christians that have made the biggest impact on human history have been those men and women who have thought much about heaven.
They think about the eternal.
They think about life beyond this world.
And so, I don't know about you, but we need to think more about heaven.
Colossians chapter three, verse two, it says this, seek those things which are aware, above, not on things on the earth.
Now, that doesn't mean that things on the earth are bad.
It doesn't mean that things on the earth shouldn't be thought about, shouldn't be pursued.
Doesn't mean that you could enjoy the things that God has provided on earth.
But our primary focus is vertical.
Our primary focus is eternal, everlasting, spiritual, heavenly things.
I'm telling you that once in your life, it will happen at least once you will be brought to your knees.
You'll be brought down so low that the only place you can look is up.
And so until you've been brought that low, then what I'm going to talk about is going to be like foreign to you.
It's going to fall on deaf ears.
But one day you'll come.
One day you'll be like, you know what, Pastor Chris, you were talking about some things.
I was just like, I didn't care about that.
You know, I didn't make any sense to me.
It wasn't relevant to my situation, but oh, since this has happened, I can see what you're trying to say.
Seek those things, Paul said, which are above, not on things on the earth.
I want to be that kind of Christian.
I don't know about you.
I also mentioned in that first message, I think it was, about my cat.
And we had lost our cat, and so I was sad.
I was wondering, are our pets going to make it to heaven?
Now, I'm going to try to answer that in a little while, because it's a very common question.
But that is not to minimize the fact that above animals and animals are precious to God, we're going to see that.
They are important to God.
are human beings that we have lost.
So our primary focus will be on heaven in terms of human beings going to heaven.
But then I'm going to answer, try to answer that because I promise you I'll try to do that about our dogs and our pets, our cats.
Are they going to be in heaven?
That might not mean anything to anybody, but it meant something to me and I needed some answers.
So I dug a little bit deep on that.
Let me set the scene here before we get into Revelation 21 and 22 and talk a little bit about Eden.
Have you ever been to Eden?
Do you know what I'm talking about when I say Eden?
Like the Garden of Eden?
Are you familiar with the Garden of Eden?
Where man originally started and man was created then Eve and they were to have a wonderful existence, but then what entered into the Garden of Eden?
Certainly Satan and sin.
And that is called the fall.
That is the fall of man, original sin.
And that's a thing that happened back at the very beginning of our Bibles and the beginning of recorded human history.
But gardens are important.
I spent some time at one of the most famous gardens just recently in Pennsylvania called Longwood Gardens, and you could bring that image up if you would.
It's a beautiful place.
And as I'm in there with these gardens and the beauty and all of what they have created there, I see many, many people that are enjoying gardens.
Where does that come from?
Well, I think it comes from the original design.
It comes from where God made us to dwell in a garden.
And then the devil came and destroyed all of that.
Gardens are important to people.
There are actually 20 of them in Boston alone.
Boston common, you're familiar with that, that place, you may be visited it.
But there's others, 19 other gardens, Justin, Boston.
The curse one day will be reversed.
It's gonna be a place more beautiful and spectacular than even Eden.
Now I'm gonna divide this up into two ways.
I wanna talk about the afterlife, and then I wanna talk about the arrival of Jesus, okay?
Simple outline, right?
Let's talk about the afterlife and then the arrival of Jesus because Jesus is coming back.
Do you believe that?
Let's talk about the afterlife.
Chapter 21, when we think of heaven, the term afterlife is referenced.
What will life after this one look like?
Have you ever asked that question?
Anybody?
The afterlife has been on people's minds for millenniums
and in every culture, belief about where people go after they die and what will life consist of has been discussed and even debated.
The Bible teaches life after physical death.
The word is eternal or everlasting.
The place is either with God or separated from Him.
It's a little actual place.
It's called heaven.
And then there's a literal actual place separated from God known as what?
Hell.
And we talked about, well, I was downtown when we talked about that, at that message.
In chapter 21, John receives a vision which we call revelation.
It's a revelation of Jesus Christ, but it's also a revelation of afterlife.
About an earth, a future point in time that is very different than the earth that we know now.
I want to comment and make commentary on verses one all the way down to chapter 22 verse five.
That's the afterlife right there.
And then I'll look at the arrival with you from verses six down to verse 21.
Notice how chapter 21 opens up.
Take your eyes to the text.
It says, then I saw, and this is the Apostle John who got the revelation.
He says, then I saw, and I'll keep that little phrase in mind for a later application.
In this phrase, it's a phrase that's repeated many times in John's letter.
If you go way back to chapter one verse one of Revelation, it says, the revelation of Jesus Christ.
Verse 17 of chapter one, John said, when I saw him, I fell at his feet being Jesus.
In verse 19, Jesus said to John, right there for the things that you have seen.
And remember, I said, remember that little phrase, when I saw, this is gonna have application at the end.
If you were to look at chapter four, verse one, five, one, six, one, seven, one, eight, two, nine, one, ten, one, thirteen, one, fourteen, one, fifteen, one, eighteen, one, twenty, verse one, you'll see John say the same thing, when I saw that significant.
Now some would say that the Apostle John got the vision of heaven, that he got the vision of Jesus Christ, but you and I can also have that vision of Jesus Christ and that vision of heaven.
Albeit, it might not be exactly the same as the Apostle John, and certainly shouldn't be written down as another word or another book of the Bible that we add on to the book of Revelation, nothing like that.
But we need to see differently, and this is going to be our application point.
John's unfolding of visions, and this timeline is emphasized in the book of Revelation.
John was getting glimpses of judgment, of Satan, of demons.
He was getting visions of the judgment on sin and sinners.
He talks about a thousand-year millennial reign of Christ.
And then this ultimate recreation and renovation of heaven and of earth.
This is all in the book of Revelation.
In our text, it says this, and John, I'm reading just what John wrote here, a new heaven and a new earth.
for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more.
What does all that mean?
What's he talking about there in terms of the afterlife?
Let me say it like this.
There's an intermediate heaven, intermediate heaven, and then there's an ultimate heaven.
When someone dies and has died until the ultimate heaven, the new heavens and the earth is remade maybe,
recreated, established, we have an intermediate heaven.
In other words, I've lost my mother in law, I've lost my grandparents, my dad and mom are still with us here.
But in Christ, when they died, they go to heaven.
But that is not the same heaven that the Apostle John is talking about here in the text.
He's talking about a new heaven and a new earth.
Is that because the old heavens broken, insufficient?
No, not at all.
but there is an intermediate heaven.
And then there is an ultimate heaven.
Keep those distinctions because it won't make sense when we look at the new heavens and the new earth.
You'll be like, well, wait a minute here.
Where do people go now?
Is it called purgatory?
Is there a holding tank for people to go, if they die now in Christ, until this new heaven and new earth?
Well, there's these two very, very similar
but not the same.
Very similar, but not the same.
Second Peter chapter three, you'll see it on the screen if you could bring that up.
Second Peter's three, 10 to 13 says this.
Do I have it there?
But the day of the Lord will come like a thief and then the heavens will pass away with a roar and the heavenly bodies will be burned up and dissolved.
Not that doesn't necessarily mean ultimately.
That doesn't mean there's no earth ever again is gone.
It just blows up.
It doesn't mean that.
But there seems to be an indication that the earth is going to be destroyed to some degree by fire.
The earth and the works that are done on it will be exposed since all these things are thus to be dissolved.
What sort of people ought you to be in lives of holiness and godliness waiting for and hastening the coming of the day of God?
because of which the heavens will be set on fire and dissolved and the heavenly bodies will melt as they burn.
But according to his promise, we're waiting for the, watch this, waiting for new heavens and a new earth in which righteousness dwells.
Intermediate heaven, future ultimate heaven, a new heaven and a new earth.
Is that locked in there?
That's going to be important.
So hold on to that.
So if Peter says here in our text that we just read that this earth is passing away, it's interesting that when somebody passes away or dies, we call it passing away.
Some have said that this is a new renovated earth.
Some would say that this is an earth that is not the same as we know it completely, completely new.
I would say that it's the earth as we know it, but so much better.
Now again, this could be debated.
I mean, we could have emails go back and forth.
That's fine.
I'm glad to talk about this kind of thing.
So you might land differently on different aspects of all of this, but I think ultimately we can find common ground when we try to understand what is on the other side and what does it look like in the afterlife?
I have an image here, if you could bring that up.
It's an image of a cabin in the beautiful mountain.
I don't know where that is, but when I look at that, I see beauty.
It helps me to relax.
Stress is kind of leave a little bit when I look at images like that.
But you know what?
The new heavens and the new earth and the intermediate heaven.
I don't know if it looks like that.
And I probably will guess it doesn't.
But it looks so much better.
So much better.
The Bible says that the sea is no more.
I read that text with you a moment ago.
And I don't believe this is in the complete sense.
They're still going to be fish.
Right?
Did you know there's gonna be fish in heaven?
The new heaven.
Not the intermediate heaven.
But the new heaven's gonna have fish, so there's gonna be water.
I don't know if this is meaning the sea is no more.
There is no more ocean.
When it's referenced as the sea or ocean, we have to realize too, the ocean is the purifier of the earth.
It purifies the earth.
What he's talking about here is that the climactic condition of earth is dramatically different.
all together different.
It's been changed.
A way to think about new for a moment here.
There's something about new, right?
Here's some images if you could bring those up.
Here's new.
Oh, you got a new car.
I mean, can you imagine going to a junkyard and you're getting your first car and you're like, okay, well, thanks dad, I appreciate it.
You know, and you get your new car from a junkyard or you go to the Mercedes dealership and you get brand new.
It's a little bit different, right?
Or maybe it's a new house.
Somebody offered you a tent.
And you're like, well, I'm thankful for a tent God provides.
But if they said, this is a new house for you, how would you feel?
Yeah.
How about if you got new dentures, new teeth?
Right?
You'd be like, yes, new teeth.
Awesome.
Anything new is exciting, new hairstyle, new clothes.
You get the idea.
There is going to be something so spectacular and so new.
It says in the text, there's a new Jerusalem.
It's a new city.
We know the historical city of Jerusalem talked about in our Old and New Testaments.
It's going to be where God comes and he lives with us.
Have you ever had somebody live with you?
Right?
You're like, oh, yeah, for a while, and it was good when they left, too.
Can you imagine God living with you?
Can you imagine walking in the new heaven and new earth and you bypass God?
He said, that was God.
And Jesus comes walking down Main Street.
You're saying, wait a minute, don't be so.
Why are you acting like it?
Because there is a Main Street.
The Bible talks about a street where the river of life comes down.
That's Main Street heaven.
And you pass Jesus.
Jesus, how's it going?
This is what life is going to be like.
The dwelling place of God, verse 3, it says, is with man.
What would this intermediate and especially this new heaven and earth be like, the afterlife?
Look at verse 4, if you would, in the text, verse 4.
21, 4.
Here's the word of God.
He will wipe away.
How many tears?
What's it saying?
Every tear.
Do you know, I don't think that word means every tear.
I think that's every tear connected to the curse.
Have you ever had a happy tear?
Tears of joy?
Suppose that you're in heaven, new heaven, new earth, and you come in contact with Jesus Christ and all of a sudden the joy inside of you is so great that you have tears in your eyes.
Would you say, stop it?
No, this is connected to the curse.
This is connected to death, sin, and hell.
This is connected to despair and hopelessness.
Those tears aren't going to be anywhere around.
Not in the new heaven and the new earth.
The Bible says, death shall be no more.
The sadness and sorrow of death will be gone.
We all know the sting of death.
We all are familiar with that, a loved one that dies, a son or daughter, a relative, a friend.
How about including our pets?
I mentioned I'll try to answer this question.
Let me give it a shot, OK?
Here's an image of joy on the left in anemia.
And two years ago we lost joy and we brought her to get her hair cut and she was so old and she just didn't handle all of the excitement and everything and she went into a full-blown heart attack and she died on the way to the hospital.
And so I had to pick her up out of our car and she's limp and I brought her in and we said goodbye.
It was sad, that was hard.
I started to think at that point, God, what happens to joy after she physically dies?
Am I going to see her again?
And then as we were moving here, I don't know, two months ago, three months ago now, Nina was tested and she had cancer, so she died.
Am I going to be in heaven one day and enjoy and Nina are going to be there?
How about that movie, All Dogs Go to Heaven, right?
But not cats, just only dogs, right?
Some would say, definitely not cats, they go to hell.
But dogs, I go to heaven.
Well, I love my dog and I love my cat.
So I wanted to know of both of them.
Well, Isaiah chapter 11, chapter 65, and chapter 6 talks about animals in a very positive way in the new heaven and new earth.
So there's going to be animals.
That's what the Bible says, right?
Here's a quote that I'm going to quote Randy Alcorn.
Randy Alcorn wrote a great book.
It's one of the best books I've ever read on heaven.
And this is what he says.
Animals were important in Eden unless therefore there is revelation to the contrary.
The principles of continuity suggest that they'll be important on the new earth.
All creation is linked together not only in curse and judgment, but also in blessing and deliverance.
Together they will experience life on earth."
End quote.
I really believe that.
This is the principle of continuity.
If there's animals that are important in Genesis where they were created just under humans, by the way,
So animals are important.
God saved animals in the flood.
He wants animals around.
That would include our pets, by the way.
And if there's this principle of continuity, and he's saying in the word of God that this is a covenant, there's a covenant, you could read this yourself.
There's a covenant with man and with animals.
So what Randy Alcoran's saying is that this is experience now, it's gonna carry over into the new heaven and new earth.
So the implication of all of that and the conclusion in my mind is that there will be pets in heaven.
What are some of the things that pets bring?
Well, they bring what we're called the care for pets.
We're called to take care of them, show compassion to them.
There's companionship.
I know that for me, joy provided companionship.
And I know for you, your pets have provided companionship.
Studies have shown that pets bring health to us.
I think they're significant.
God loves animals.
All creation, the Bible says, is groaning even our pets.
I watched joy age.
I started growing gray at 40.
About 12 years old, joy started growing gray.
And I watched her.
Then I watched Nina start to get slower.
And she's groaning.
All of creation groans.
Humans grown because of the fall.
Animals grown because of the fall.
Did the animals send?
Yes or no?
No.
I love the passion.
I love it.
They didn't.
Humans send.
But the animals are also paying a price for that.
In the covenant, humans, new heaven, new earth.
In the covenant promise that God made to us, animals, including our pets.
John Piper, who's a theologian and teacher, wrote a poem about pets.
And he said this, it's so good.
He said, and as I knelt beside the brook to drink eternal life, I took a glance across the golden grass and saw my dog old blackie fast as she could come.
She leaped the stream almost, and what a happy gleam was in her eye.
I knelt to drink and knew that I was on the brink of endless joy.
And everywhere I turned, I saw a wonder there.
I love that.
Can animals and pets talk?
Have you ever tried having a conversation with your dog or cat?
I used to look at them and say, talk to me.
I know that you can talk to me.
I did that on occasion.
In the new heavens and new earth, I can imagine me just walking down Main Street, and then all of a sudden joy comes up to me and says, hey, dad, do you think that's foolishness?
Have you ever thought that through enough?
Where my cat goes, thank you for taking care of me, dad.
Is that possible?
It's possible.
It is possible.
C.S.
Lewis wrote the Chronicles of Narnia, and in that are talking animals.
Well, John has continued to get a vision of heaven and earth.
Now, remember, both are part of the good and beautiful future.
Verse 10, it says, the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven, coming down out of heaven.
That implies that this city called the new Jerusalem already exists.
It's coming down out of heaven at this point in John's vision.
It's in the future.
The size of it is given in verse 15.
It's 1400 miles cubed.
That's 2 million square miles, this city, this new Jerusalem.
2 million square miles.
1400 miles is like from Boston to Miami.
Think about a city that big.
Because this is where you're going to live if you're in Christ one day.
And then you got 1,400 miles up.
This is the capital of heaven.
It's the New Jerusalem.
All right, little trivia.
What is the capital city of Massachusetts?
You tell me.
What is it?
You're like afraid.
It's not a trick question.
It's not hard.
Boston, how about the capital city of Vermont?
Don't say Ben and Jerry's.
What is it?
Montpelier, how about the capital city of New Hampshire?
Some of you were thinking Milford, I know you were.
Some studies have been done about all of what we're trying to say here and the result was that each of us in the new heaven and the new earth is going to have 75 acres each.
That's how big the new Jerusalem is.
You're talking about millions of billions of people be able to live in the city to come and go.
Incredible, incredible.
Some studies have determined that the distance of each floor, like in a skyscraper, right?
What is that called?
The space there.
I don't know how high it is, 10 feet.
I'm not sure how far, but they were doing these studies and how big this could be.
Vertically.
And someone came up with the number 600,000 stories.
Hi.
You're saying that's impossible.
This is all fantasy.
This is like Disney and stuff.
You're thinking to earth bomb.
600,000 stories.
Can you imagine going to the left floor number one?
And you're going to walk these things.
600, you're on floor one.
You're looking up at the sign going like, what?
But don't forget, you're going to be like the flash.
So 600,000 stories will be like that.
It's not like you're like running up 600,000, like you're getting all tired, you're getting worn out.
It's not gonna be like that at all.
Because you're gonna be able to move quickly, just like Jesus did.
You're gonna show up, you're gonna disappear.
You're gonna have some kind of a glorified body that you could handle 600,000 stories.
Mind boggling.
Incredible.
Cities today though are much different.
I'm going to show you an image of a city that I visited in a ministry in Kensington Square, Philadelphia.
When I went to Kensington Square for the first time to see a mission there, I felt like I was in the, I felt like I was in the land of, what is that show where the zombies living, night of the living dead?
Walking dead, somebody said that, thank you.
Kensington Square, credible.
The poverty, the drugs, the death, the hopelessness.
That city's on earth, but that's not gonna be the new Jerusalem.
Only peace, only joy, only health, only prosperity.
All of it, we're gonna experience in totality and perfection.
Amazing.
No more violence.
No more decay.
Just justice and health.
Everyone happy.
Everyone treating each other well.
No horns honking.
No more cuss words.
No more middle fingers pointed at you.
This city's going to be different.
There's no muggings.
Nobody's going to cut you off.
No homelessness in this city called the New Jerusalem.
It will be clean.
The parks will be beautiful.
You ever been to Central Park in New York City?
I got an image there, I think.
Throw that up there, if you would.
Beautiful places.
I mean, it's beautiful now.
How much more?
In the New Heaven and New Earth.
So here's the application.
Here's just simple two points, and then I'll talk briefly about the arrival in chapter 22, 6 to 21.
We should be looking, here they are.
Keep bringing that up.
We should be looking for it.
Looking for it.
Constantly.
Heaven.
New heavens.
New earth.
We should be living in it.
Meaning this experience that Luke, you did a great job, by the way.
I watched your message.
Great job giving out the Word of God.
This is eternal living now.
This experience, a lot of this can be lived out now supernaturally.
live in these truths, not just look at it and long for it, but live in it.
This is the application.
Number two, rival.
I won't spend a lot of time here.
It's an important truth.
When we think of a rival, many think of someone we love coming in from a trip or for a visit, we go down to 93, what is it, the 93?
And then we head over to Logan.
And when you get there, you have two choices.
You have departures or arrivals, right?
Either you're coming or you're going.
Now think of this in terms of heaven.
Departures or arrivals.
Some are departing, okay?
Jesus, when he came, he arrived in carnation.
Then he departed.
He ascended.
Then the Bible says here, he's coming again.
There'll be an arrival of Jesus coming back again.
One day.
Now this is, this is an important closing of this book called Revelation.
I want to read just a little bit in verse, uh, verse seven, look at verse seven with me, then the one who conquers will have this heritage chapter 22.
I'm in chapter 21, sorry, 22, seven.
Behold, I am coming soon.
Blessed is the one who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book.
Over and over again, I think it's 15 times this word coming is used or come that, that John the Apostle,
Records I John the one who heard and saw these things and when I heard I saw them I fell down and worshiped At the feet of the angel who showed them to me and he said to me You must not do that I'm a fellow servant with you and your brothers and prophets and with those who keep the words of this book worship God And then he talks about not adding to the word of God and we won't spend a lot of time there He says in verse 13.
I'm the often omega the first and the last the beginning and the end and
He's talking about people that have accepted Christ as Savior.
Those people are going to enter in those who are rejectors of that, who live immoral, who are liars into the lake of fire or hell.
There's an eager expectation as we end the book of Revelation here.
So we look and live.
This is our application.
Look and live.
Our ultimate home isn't here, but there.
An intermediate, glorious heaven, then an ultimate new heaven, new earth, and new Jerusalem, new city.
Do you see it?
Does it change how you live?
That's the point.
Titus chapter 2, verse 11 to 14 says, for the grace of God has appeared, we're really arrived, bringing salvation for all people, training us,
to renounce on godliness and worldly passions, to live self-controlled upright and godly lives in his present age, waiting for our blessed hope, and the appearing of our glory of our great God and Savior, Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us to redeem us from all lawlessness, and to purify for himself a people for his own possession, who are zealous for good works.
All of this is to change our lives, how we look, how we live.
Now let me close with a sports illustration.
All right, I'm talking to Red Sox Nation, right?
What event changed everything for Red Sox fans?
What event?
Do you remember?
What was that?
It was the reversing of the curse.
Have you ever heard about the curse?
You're familiar with that?
Babe Ruth was sold to the New York Yankees for how much, do you remember?
$100,000.
Back then, it's a lot of money, huh?
It's a lot of money today.
So he sold to the New York Yankees and ever since then, the Boston Red Sox, who were one of the top contenders in baseball, never could win a championship.
I remember in 1985, you won't ever forget this.
They were getting pretty close in the World Series.
I think it was Game 6.
First baseman was who?
Wow, a little lesson here.
Bill Buckner.
And the balls hit the Bill Buckner.
And I remember where I was when Bill Buckner allowed the ball to go right between his legs.
I was at Liberty, I was in college.
We didn't have TVs in our room, so we had to go to a rec room.
And I watched Bill Buckner miss that very easy, easy play.
And the Red Sox lost again.
But in 2004, they were down three to zero against two, the Ankeys.
And then they won four straight, and the curse was reversed.
The curse of sin in Eden is reversed in heaven, the new heavens, the new earth, the new Jerusalem.
And this should affect us as Christians even more than the reversing of the curse,
of the Boston Red Sox.
I want you to take the best, the best of what we have now.
And in these places called the New Heaven and New Earth, it's so much better.
Here's an image here.
On the left here, think of the steak dinner.
It's awesome.
But think of a meal that's even better.
It's perfect steak.
Perfect asparagus.
Perfect food that's nutritious.
Think about our bodies.
This is a picture of Neil Gorman, Neil Gorman in heaven one day.
That's going to be Neil.
The Bible says that we're going to experience all of these things.
Some think that in heaven and new heavens and new earth, we're about the age of our prime, which is around 30 years old, that everybody's going to look about that age, about 30 or so.
I don't doubt that.
A good and beautiful future doesn't mean that we're inactive and just hang out until the sweet chariot from by on by comes and picks us up.
We're about to be the father's business.
This is what we're supposed to do.
Be about the father's business until he comes.
Or you're taken and you go there.
Can I just say to you as your pastor, new pastor, just don't hang out.
Lend a hand.
Lend a hand, do something.
If this is cross-way Milford to you, then serve somewhere.
We have team cross-way.
Plenty of options over there for you to plug in.
After the service, you don't even pray about it.
You don't have to fast about it.
You don't have to call your lawyer.
Just simply do something and sign up over there.
We have connections that's coming up next week.
It's a great little meeting that's going to happen right here after the service.
Just to make contact with the leaders, learn a little bit about Crossway Milford.
If you're new, since we moved into this facility,
I would encourage you to wait after service next week, right around here.
And we'll have a great little meeting together, about 15 minutes.
It'll be fun.
And we have Monday school starting with Pastor Dave Ripper.
I'm excited for Dave to come up here.
Can we bring that up?
Is there a QR code for that?
Nothing?
I don't have that up there?
Sign up for that.
I think we have 25 people or so.
Let's get at least 30 in there to learn the Bible and how to read the Bible.
I read the book.
It's fantastic.
I told Dave that it blessed me.
I had tears in my eyes as I was reading that book.
Monday school will bless you.
It will bless you.
People need forgiveness and freedom, closing thoughts.
They need a new future, a good and beautiful one.
They need to be in heaven with us, the new heavens and the new earth, a sin-free environment, a magnificent city,
a beautiful city, and God is going to use cross-way milfer to populate heaven.
Do you believe this?
Father, we thank you for your word.
The afterlife is just spectacular.
Help us to keep our eyes on things above, not on things on the earth.
What you have provided, we will enjoy and we'll give you glory.
But may we be so
so vertical, not as much horizontal.
And so the afterlife you have prepared, and it's going to be incredible.
Pray for your arrival, Jesus.
You said, come.
You're coming.
Please come, Lord Jesus.
If there's someone sitting here that hasn't accepted Jesus as their Savior, please do that today.
Please do that before He comes back.
We thank you for your word.
We thank you for this series on heaven.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thanks for listening to the Crossway Christian Church's Middleford campus sermon podcast.
If you like to plug into the life of our community or have any questions that we might be able to answer, visit our website at crosswayscc.org to connect with us.
Until next time, we can be with you.
May the Lord bless you and keep you.